add atcoder modint (#3527)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: content/4_Gold/Modular.mdx

</Optional>

<CPPOnly>

## Templates

> Here's some templates that implement numerical types that automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some templates that implement integer types that automatically
```

	>
		feasible to type up during a contest
	</Resource>
	<Resource
		source="AtCoder"
		title="ModInt"
		url="https://atcoder.jp/posts/518"
	>
		contains a `modint.hpp` file
	</Resource>
	<Resource
		source="AtCoder"
		title="ModInt Documentation"
		url="https://atcoder.github.io/ac-library/document_en/modint.html"
	/>
</Resources>

> Here's an example using BenQ's template:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example using Benq's template:
```

	}
	{
		mi a = 1e8, b = 1e8, c = 1e8;
		// cout << a * b * c << "\n";  // Errors- we have to cast this an an int
		cout << (int) (a * b * c) << "\n";  // 49000000
	}
}
```

And one using AtCoder's:

```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;

#include <atcoder/modint>
using mint = atcoder::modint;

int main() {
	mint a = 1e8, b = 1e8, c = 1e8;
	mint res = a * b * c;

> 	cout << res.val() << endl;  // Same result

Reviewer: this code doesn't compile

Author: how should i fix it

Reviewer: try running it locally and see what errors you get? we should only add this code if we expect users to actually run it. 

or we can not add this if we think the module is fine as is. I suggested adding it just to make it consistent w/ the other module.
